# gmifyp
The title for our project is GMI Student App. It is a mobile application that is made to make daily routines of student easier where everything that students need to access is compiled at a single place. This is not only for convenience but also to solve problems as well. For some GMI websites needs a precise search text for it to find the right domain that the students intended to and will not tolerate any misspells or unprecise keywords. Moreover, according to research done “The availability of an online campus information system enables the students to get a better layout of education planning. It helps the university regarding well managed and strategic information management…” (Malhotra, R., Kumar, D., & Gupta, D. P. (2020). An android application for campus information system. Procedia Computer Science, 172, 863–868). From this we understand that a good education also requires the students to be respected, their time and their self are as valuable as anyone else. Therefore, a new way must be implemented to in order to improve the situation. In the era of Industrial Revolution 4.0, digitalisation is the way to go not only to spread information but also in our case should be implemented to help make the process more efficient for students. For our project we have successfully overcome these problems by implementing SDLC to design a mobile application that uses a WebView to display most of GMI related websites. It uses local storage for most operation except for the QR page attendance where data is push to an external database. We also managed to conduct three types of testing which are unit testing, load testing and UI testing using various tools and from those tests we found out that there will definitely be defects in the mobile application it’s just we have to gradually improve it over-time. Overall, our project can be deemed as successful as it helps us as GMI students to undergo a project which can be said quite innovative while gaining experience in problem solving and project managing. The GMI Student App is proven more convenient compared to accessing those websites the old ways
